August 28, 2011 of John Gouwens playing Passacaille, for Harpsichord by George Frideric Handel, transcribed by Albert Gerken.

Fine Arts Board Website Opening Statement

For centuries, Fine Arts have played a vital role in people's lives.  Today they continue to soothe, invigorate and capture the imagination of all.  Now in its 26th season, the Fine Arts Board of The Presbyterian Church of La Porte has sponsored over 130 fine arts events free to the public, while financially supporting the artists and recognizing their talents.  The series is funded entirely by contributions, for which we are most grateful.
The Fine Arts Board logo epitomizes the four areas of fine arts included in this series:  music, dance, drama and media arts.  Besides musical and dramatic performances, we have a Biennial Juried Art Exhibition, where area artists may submit works to be selected for several weeks of display at the church.  In the summer, listeners may enjoy carillon concerts outside, played on the 36-bell carillon.  Cultural diversity has been a hallmark of our events, which have included performers from Russia, Denmark, Portugal, Japan, The Netherlands, Germany and France as well as many areas of the United States.

Please check out the information on this website to see photos from past events.  If you would like to receive mailings of future events, please contact us.  If you are a performing artist who would like to share your talents with us, please feel free to contact us with information.

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

For the 2012 Art Exhibition, please show on the website as Winners' and not Winner's.


If you could update the 2011-2012 Season pop-out menu for the current season, that would be great.  I'll send some actual information on these events soon.



The Konevets
Russian Male a cappella Vocal Quartet
St. Petersburg, Russia
Sunday, October 23, 2011, 4:00 p.m. CDT


Violinist Laureate Andrey Baranov 
International Violin Competition of Indianapolis
Miki Aoki, pianist
   Sunday, November 13, 2011 4:00 p.m. CST


Winners' Art Exhibition, Dana Dabagia and Ron Suver
May 20-June 1, 2012, 2:00 to 4:00 p.m. CDT daily
Opening Reception:  Sunday, May 20, 2012, 2:00 to 4:00 p.m. CDT


 Carillon Recitals
June, July and August, Dates and Times TBA

Mission Statement
The purpose of the Fine Arts Board is to continue the tradition of the Church as a patron of artistic creativity by sponsoring and fostering the Fine Arts.  We endeavor to do this by offering a variety of programs including music, drama, lectures, dance, and art exhibits.

The Presbyterian Church of La Porte
Kingsbury Avenue and US Highway 35 South   
307 Kingsbury Avenue    La Porte, IN 46350
(219)-362-6219 www.laportepresbyterian.org
Childcare Provided   Handicapped Accessible
Freewill Offering
